hello YouTube it's me joy map 13 and I
won't be making a cooking video today
instead I'll be heading over to Ronnies
today so runny can i order some chicken
Tasha ramen okay today's order is ramen
noodle let's make some soup
three hundred milliliter water 2 or 3
tbsp meant to you
2 teaspoons chicken stock powder a
little bit grated ginger and garlic and
a little bit sesame oil and you can make
good soup with these ingredients
water men salute chicken stock powder
ginger garlic sesame oil just bring it
to the boy
strain with Shriner that's it
it tastes really good this is good soup
and you have low ramen noodle is putting
in boiling water about three minutes
and dry noodle very well
and put the dough in the soup
this is how easy you can make it on a
whole adding a favorite ingredient
okay let's make some noise together
you can make a noise like this when you
eat ramen noodle some people think it's
rude but it's not good this is how we
eat so even if you're already you can
make noise you did it too much though
was she this
okay this is for you joy mark thanks for
ordering today